c:\users\jeffrey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\DiscordBot.exe.config
c:\users\jeffrey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\DiscordBot.exe
c:\users\jeffrey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\DiscordBot.pdb
c:\users\jeffrey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\DiscordSharp.dll
c:\users\jeffrey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
c:\users\jeffrey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jeffrey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\websocket-sharp.dll
c:\users\jeffrey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\jeffrey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\DiscordSharp.pdb
c:\users\jeffrey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\DiscordSharp.xml
c:\users\jeffrey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
c:\users\jeffrey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jeffrey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\websocket-sharp.xml
c:\users\jeffrey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\obj\Debug\Discord Bot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jeffrey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\obj\Debug\DiscordBot.exe
c:\users\jeffrey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\obj\Debug\DiscordBot.pdb
c:\users\jeffrey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\config.json
C:\Users\Jeffrey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\NCalc.dll
C:\Users\Jeffrey\Documents\GitHub\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\DiscordBot.exe.config
C:\Users\Jeffrey\Documents\GitHub\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\obj\Debug\DiscordBot.exe
C:\Users\Jeffrey\Documents\GitHub\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\obj\Debug\DiscordBot.pdb
